packages.md, before:

# Packages

<!-- START doctoc generated TOC please keep comment here to allow auto update -->
<!-- DON'T EDIT THIS SECTION, INSTEAD RE-RUN doctoc TO UPDATE -->


- [Package management](#package-management)
- [Dired packages](#dired-packages)
- [Emacs Lisp packages](#emacs-lisp-packages)
- [Hydra packages](#hydra-packages)
- [Helm packages](#helm-packages)
- [Edition packages](#edition-packages)
- [Windows packages](#windows-packages)
- [Search and replace packages](#search-and-replace-packages)
- [Company packages](#company-packages)
- [YASnippet packages](#yasnippet-packages)
- [Projectile packages](#projectile-packages)
- [Flycheck packages](#flycheck-packages)
- [Navigation packages](#navigation-packages)
- [Git packages](#git-packages)
- [Org packages](#org-packages)
- [Markdown packages](#markdown-packages)
- [Web packages](#web-packages)
- [YAML packages](#yaml-packages)
- [REST packages](#rest-packages)
- [Cucumber packages](#cucumber-packages)
- [Clojure packages](#clojure-packages)
- [Haskell packages](#haskell-packages)
- [Elixir packages](#elixir-packages)
- [Smartparens packages](#smartparens-packages)
- [Docker packages](#docker-packages)
- [Prometheus packages](#prometheus-packages)
- [Swagger packages](#swagger-packages)
  - [swaggermacs](#swaggermacs)
- [Help packages](#help-packages)
- [Theme packages](#theme-packages)

<!-- END doctoc generated TOC please keep comment here to allow auto update -->

## Package management

- [diminish](https://github.com/emacsmirror/diminish) : Hide or abbreviate minor modes.
- [paradox](https://github.com/Malabarba/paradox) : A better packages menu.
- [use-package](https://github.com/jwiegley/use-package): Package installation and configuration.

## Dired packages

- [dired-narrow](https://github.com/Fuco1/dired-hacks#dired-narrow) : Filter Dired files.
- [dired-quick-sort](https://gitlab.com/xuhdev/dired-quick-sort) : Sort Dired buffers.
- [peep-dired](https://github.com/asok/peep-dired) : Show file at point in Dired in another window.

## Emacs Lisp packages

- [benchmark-init](https://github.com/dholm/benchmark-init-el) : Benchmark the loading time of Emacs packages.
- [cask-mode](https://github.com/Wilfred/cask-mode) : A mode for Cask files.
- [eval-sexp-fu](https://github.com/hchbaw/eval-sexp-fu.el) : Highlight sexps during evaluation.

## Hydra packages

- [hydra](https://github.com/abo-abo/hydra) : Regroup related keybindings with a common prefix.

## Helm packages

- [helm](https://github.com/emacs-helm/helm) : Incremental completion and selection framework.

## Edition packages

- [aggressive-indent](https://github.com/Malabarba/aggressive-indent-mode) : Automatic indentation of code.
- [expand-region](https://github.com/magnars/expand-region.el) : Expand a region by semantic units.
- [highlight-indentation](https://github.com/antonj/Highlight-Indentation-for-Emacs) : Displays guidelines for indentation.
- [move-text](https://github.com/emacsfodder/move-text): Move current line or region.
- [multiple-cursors](https://github.com/magnars/multiple-cursors.el) : Add multiple cursors to Emacs.
- [undo-tree](https://melpa.org/#/undo-tree) : Visualize undo history as a tree of changes.
- [whole-line-or-region](https://github.com/purcell/whole-line-or-region) : Package to operate on the current line when the region is not defined.

## Windows packages

- [winum](https://github.com/deb0ch/emacs-winum) : Navigate between windows with numbers.

## Search and replace packages

- [anzu](https://github.com/syohex/emacs-anzu) : Display current and total matches when doing searches.
- [helm-ag](https://github.com/syohex/emacs-helm-ag) : Integrate The Platinum Searcher with Helm.
- [helm-swoop](https://github.com/ShingoFukuyama/helm-swoop) : Package to search and replace or navigate through a buffer.

## Company packages

- [company](https://company-mode.github.io/) : Completion system.
- [company-quickhelp](https://github.com/expez/company-quickhelp) : Documentation popups for company.
- [helm-company](https://github.com/manuel-uberti/helm-company) : Helm interface for company mode.

## YASnippet packages

- [yasnippet](https://github.com/capitaomorte/yasnippet) : Template system.

## Projectile packages

- [projectile](https://github.com/bbatsov/projectile) : Library to work with projects.
- [helm-projectile](https://github.com/bbatsov/projectile) : Helm interface for projectile.

## Flycheck packages

- [flycheck](https://github.com/flycheck/flycheck) : Syntax checking.
- [flycheck-pos-tip](https://github.com/flycheck/flycheck-pos-tip) : Show flycheck issues in tooltip.

## Navigation packages

- [all-the-icons.el](https://github.com/domtronn/all-the-icons.el) : Icons for dired and NeoTree.
- [all-the-icons-dired](https://github.com/jtbm37/all-the-icons-dired) : Add icons to dired.
- [avy](https://github.com/abo-abo/avy) : Jump to a specific position in buffer.
- [emacs-neotree](https://github.com/jaypei/emacs-neotree) : Displays folders and files in a tree.

## Git packages

- [diff-hl](https://github.com/dgutov/diff-hl): Highlight uncommited changes.
- [git-modes](https://github.com/magit/git-modes): Modes for gitconfig, gitattributes and gitignore files.
- [git-timemachine](https://github.com/pidu/git-timemachine): Package to navigate through the versions of a file tracked with Git.
- [magit](https://github.com/magit/magit): Git porcelain for Emacs.
- [browse-at-remote](https://github.com/rmuslimov/browse-at-remote): Open current buffer at GitHub, GitLab or BitBucket.

## Org packages

- [org-mode](http://orgmode.org/) : Plain text notes, todos, agenda, etc.
- [org-bullets](https://github.com/sabof/org-bullets) : UTF-8 bullets for org-mode.
- [helm-org-rifle](https://github.com/alphapapa/helm-org-rifle) : Search through org files.
- [ace-link](https://github.com/abo-abo/ace-link) : Select a link to jump to with avy in an org buffer (also work with other modes like Info-mode).

## Markdown packages

- [markdown-mode](http://jblevins.org/projects/markdown-mode/) : Mode for Markdown files.
- [doctoc.el](https://github.com/magoyette/doctoc.el) : Support for [DocToc](https://github.com/thlorenz/doctoc) in Emacs.

## Web packages

- [less-css-mode](https://github.com/purcell/less-css-mode) : Mode for LESS.
- [sass-mode](https://github.com/nex3/sass-mode) : Mode for .sass Sass files.
- [helm-css-scss](https://github.com/ShingoFukuyama/helm-css-scss) : Helm for CSS, LESS and Sass selectors.
- [web-mode](http://web-mode.org/) : Mode for web templates.
- [emmet-mode](https://github.com/smihica/emmet-mode) : Support for Emmet in Emacs.
- [js2-mode](https://github.com/mooz/js2-mode) : Mode for JavaScript.
- [js2-refactor](https://github.com/magnars/js2-refactor.el) : Mode to refactor JavaScript code.
- [json-mode](https://github.com/joshwnj/json-mode) : Mode for JSON files.
- [json-reformat](https://github.com/gongo/json-reformat) : Mode to reformat JSON files.
- [typescript-mode](https://github.com/ananthakumaran/typescript.el) : Mode for TypeScript files.
- [tide](https://github.com/ananthakumaran/tide) : TypeScript Interactive Development Environment for Emacs.

## YAML packages

- [indent-tools](https://gitlab.com/emacs-stuff/indent-tools): Move around and modify code based on indentation.
- [yaml-mode](https://github.com/yoshiki/yaml-mode) : Mode for YAML files.

## REST packages

- [rest-client](https://github.com/pashky/restclient.el) : REST client for Emacs.
- [restclient-helm](https://github.com/pashky/restclient.el) : Helm interface to restclient.
- [company-restclient](https://github.com/iquiw/company-restclient) : Company completion for HTTP methods and headers in rest-client.

## Cucumber packages

- [feature-mode](https://github.com/michaelklishin/cucumber.el) : Mode for Gherkin and Cucumber.

## Clojure packages

- [clojure-mode](https://github.com/clojure-emacs/clojure-mode) : Mode for Clojure and ClojureScript programming.
- [CIDER](https://github.com/clojure-emacs/cider) : Clojure(Script) Interactive Development Environment that Rocks.
- [cider-eval-sexp-fu](https://github.com/clojure-emacs/cider-eval-sexp-fu) : Highlight Clojure(Script) sexps during evaluation.
- [squiggly-clojure](https://github.com/clojure-emacs/squiggly-clojure) : Flycheck for Clojure. Supports eastwood, core.typed and kibit.
- [clj-refactor](https://github.com/clojure-emacs/clj-refactor.el) : Refactoring functions for Clojure.
- [clojure-cheatsheet](https://github.com/clojure-emacs/clojure-cheatsheet) : The Clojure Cheatsheet in Emacs.

## Haskell packages

- [haskell-mode](https://github.com/haskell/haskell-mode) : Mode for Haskell programming.
- [intero](https://github.com/commercialhaskell/intero) : Interactive development environment for Haskell.

## Elixir packages

- [elixir-mode](https://github.com/elixir-lang/emacs-elixir) : Mode for Elixir programming.
- [alchemist](https://github.com/tonini/alchemist.el) : Interactive development environment for Elixir.

## Smartparens packages

- [smartparens](https://github.com/Fuco1/smartparens) : Mode to handle pairs of symbols.

## Docker packages

- [dockerfile-mode](https://github.com/spotify/dockerfile-mode) : Mode to edit Dockerfiles.
- [docker.el](https://github.com/Silex/docker.el): Commands to manage Docker from Emacs.
- [docker-tramp.el](https://github.com/emacs-pe/docker-tramp.el): A TRAMP method to connect to Docker containers.

## Prometheus packages

- [prometheus-rules-mode](https://github.com/magoyette/prometheus-rules-mode) : Support for [Prometheus](https://prometheus.io) rules in Emacs.

## Swagger packages

### swaggermacs

- [swaggermacs](https://github.com/magoyette/swaggermacs) : Support for Swagger2 YAML files in Emacs.

## Help packages

- [helm-descbinds](https://github.com/emacs-helm/helm-descbinds) : Helm interface for describe bindings command.
- [which-key](https://github.com/justbur/emacs-which-key) : Display available keybindings.

## Theme packages

- [page-break-lines](https://github.com/purcell/page-break-lines) : Display page break as lines.
- [rainbow-delimiters](https://github.com/Fanael/rainbow-delimiters) : Highlight delimiters according to their depth.
- [spaceline](https://github.com/TheBB/spaceline) : The Powerline theme from Spacemacs.
- [zenburn-theme](https://github.com/bbatsov/zenburn-emacs) : The Zenburn theme for Emacs.

Commit message:

Add dumb-jump, use ripgrep in helm-ag and improve search keybindings

packages.md, after:

# Packages

<!-- START doctoc generated TOC please keep comment here to allow auto update -->
<!-- DON'T EDIT THIS SECTION, INSTEAD RE-RUN doctoc TO UPDATE -->


- [Package management](#package-management)
- [Dired packages](#dired-packages)
- [Emacs Lisp packages](#emacs-lisp-packages)
- [Hydra packages](#hydra-packages)
- [Helm packages](#helm-packages)
- [Edition packages](#edition-packages)
- [Windows packages](#windows-packages)
- [Search and replace packages](#search-and-replace-packages)
- [Company packages](#company-packages)
- [YASnippet packages](#yasnippet-packages)
- [Projectile packages](#projectile-packages)
- [Flycheck packages](#flycheck-packages)
- [Navigation packages](#navigation-packages)
- [Git packages](#git-packages)
- [Org packages](#org-packages)
- [Markdown packages](#markdown-packages)
- [Web packages](#web-packages)
- [YAML packages](#yaml-packages)
- [REST packages](#rest-packages)
- [Cucumber packages](#cucumber-packages)
- [Clojure packages](#clojure-packages)
- [Haskell packages](#haskell-packages)
- [Elixir packages](#elixir-packages)
- [Smartparens packages](#smartparens-packages)
- [Docker packages](#docker-packages)
- [Prometheus packages](#prometheus-packages)
- [Swagger packages](#swagger-packages)
  - [swaggermacs](#swaggermacs)
- [Help packages](#help-packages)
- [Theme packages](#theme-packages)

<!-- END doctoc generated TOC please keep comment here to allow auto update -->

## Package management

- [diminish](https://github.com/emacsmirror/diminish) : Hide or abbreviate minor modes.
- [paradox](https://github.com/Malabarba/paradox) : A better packages menu.
- [use-package](https://github.com/jwiegley/use-package): Package installation and configuration.

## Dired packages

- [dired-narrow](https://github.com/Fuco1/dired-hacks#dired-narrow) : Filter Dired files.
- [dired-quick-sort](https://gitlab.com/xuhdev/dired-quick-sort) : Sort Dired buffers.
- [peep-dired](https://github.com/asok/peep-dired) : Show file at point in Dired in another window.

## Emacs Lisp packages

- [benchmark-init](https://github.com/dholm/benchmark-init-el) : Benchmark the loading time of Emacs packages.
- [cask-mode](https://github.com/Wilfred/cask-mode) : A mode for Cask files.
- [eval-sexp-fu](https://github.com/hchbaw/eval-sexp-fu.el) : Highlight sexps during evaluation.

## Hydra packages

- [hydra](https://github.com/abo-abo/hydra) : Regroup related keybindings with a common prefix.

## Helm packages

- [helm](https://github.com/emacs-helm/helm) : Incremental completion and selection framework.

## Edition packages

- [aggressive-indent](https://github.com/Malabarba/aggressive-indent-mode) : Automatic indentation of code.
- [expand-region](https://github.com/magnars/expand-region.el) : Expand a region by semantic units.
- [highlight-indentation](https://github.com/antonj/Highlight-Indentation-for-Emacs) : Displays guidelines for indentation.
- [move-text](https://github.com/emacsfodder/move-text): Move current line or region.
- [multiple-cursors](https://github.com/magnars/multiple-cursors.el) : Add multiple cursors to Emacs.
- [undo-tree](https://melpa.org/#/undo-tree) : Visualize undo history as a tree of changes.
- [whole-line-or-region](https://github.com/purcell/whole-line-or-region) : Package to operate on the current line when the region is not defined.

## Windows packages

- [winum](https://github.com/deb0ch/emacs-winum) : Navigate between windows with numbers.

## Search and replace packages

- [anzu](https://github.com/syohex/emacs-anzu) : Display current and total matches when doing searches.
- [dumb-jump](https://github.com/jacktasia/dumb-jump) : Jump to definition for many programming languages.
- [helm-ag](https://github.com/syohex/emacs-helm-ag) : Integrate The Platinum Searcher with Helm.
- [helm-swoop](https://github.com/ShingoFukuyama/helm-swoop) : Package to search and replace or navigate through a buffer.

## Company packages

- [company](https://company-mode.github.io/) : Completion system.
- [company-quickhelp](https://github.com/expez/company-quickhelp) : Documentation popups for company.
- [helm-company](https://github.com/manuel-uberti/helm-company) : Helm interface for company mode.

## YASnippet packages

- [yasnippet](https://github.com/capitaomorte/yasnippet) : Template system.

## Projectile packages

- [projectile](https://github.com/bbatsov/projectile) : Library to work with projects.
- [helm-projectile](https://github.com/bbatsov/projectile) : Helm interface for projectile.

## Flycheck packages

- [flycheck](https://github.com/flycheck/flycheck) : Syntax checking.
- [flycheck-pos-tip](https://github.com/flycheck/flycheck-pos-tip) : Show flycheck issues in tooltip.

## Navigation packages

- [all-the-icons.el](https://github.com/domtronn/all-the-icons.el) : Icons for dired and NeoTree.
- [all-the-icons-dired](https://github.com/jtbm37/all-the-icons-dired) : Add icons to dired.
- [avy](https://github.com/abo-abo/avy) : Jump to a specific position in buffer.
- [emacs-neotree](https://github.com/jaypei/emacs-neotree) : Displays folders and files in a tree.

## Git packages

- [diff-hl](https://github.com/dgutov/diff-hl): Highlight uncommited changes.
- [git-modes](https://github.com/magit/git-modes): Modes for gitconfig, gitattributes and gitignore files.
- [git-timemachine](https://github.com/pidu/git-timemachine): Package to navigate through the versions of a file tracked with Git.
- [magit](https://github.com/magit/magit): Git porcelain for Emacs.
- [browse-at-remote](https://github.com/rmuslimov/browse-at-remote): Open current buffer at GitHub, GitLab or BitBucket.

## Org packages

- [org-mode](http://orgmode.org/) : Plain text notes, todos, agenda, etc.
- [org-bullets](https://github.com/sabof/org-bullets) : UTF-8 bullets for org-mode.
- [helm-org-rifle](https://github.com/alphapapa/helm-org-rifle) : Search through org files.
- [ace-link](https://github.com/abo-abo/ace-link) : Select a link to jump to with avy in an org buffer (also work with other modes like Info-mode).

## Markdown packages

- [markdown-mode](http://jblevins.org/projects/markdown-mode/) : Mode for Markdown files.
- [doctoc.el](https://github.com/magoyette/doctoc.el) : Support for [DocToc](https://github.com/thlorenz/doctoc) in Emacs.

## Web packages

- [less-css-mode](https://github.com/purcell/less-css-mode) : Mode for LESS.
- [sass-mode](https://github.com/nex3/sass-mode) : Mode for .sass Sass files.
- [helm-css-scss](https://github.com/ShingoFukuyama/helm-css-scss) : Helm for CSS, LESS and Sass selectors.
- [web-mode](http://web-mode.org/) : Mode for web templates.
- [emmet-mode](https://github.com/smihica/emmet-mode) : Support for Emmet in Emacs.
- [js2-mode](https://github.com/mooz/js2-mode) : Mode for JavaScript.
- [js2-refactor](https://github.com/magnars/js2-refactor.el) : Mode to refactor JavaScript code.
- [json-mode](https://github.com/joshwnj/json-mode) : Mode for JSON files.
- [json-reformat](https://github.com/gongo/json-reformat) : Mode to reformat JSON files.
- [typescript-mode](https://github.com/ananthakumaran/typescript.el) : Mode for TypeScript files.
- [tide](https://github.com/ananthakumaran/tide) : TypeScript Interactive Development Environment for Emacs.

## YAML packages

- [indent-tools](https://gitlab.com/emacs-stuff/indent-tools): Move around and modify code based on indentation.
- [yaml-mode](https://github.com/yoshiki/yaml-mode) : Mode for YAML files.

## REST packages

- [rest-client](https://github.com/pashky/restclient.el) : REST client for Emacs.
- [restclient-helm](https://github.com/pashky/restclient.el) : Helm interface to restclient.
- [company-restclient](https://github.com/iquiw/company-restclient) : Company completion for HTTP methods and headers in rest-client.

## Cucumber packages

- [feature-mode](https://github.com/michaelklishin/cucumber.el) : Mode for Gherkin and Cucumber.

## Clojure packages

- [clojure-mode](https://github.com/clojure-emacs/clojure-mode) : Mode for Clojure and ClojureScript programming.
- [CIDER](https://github.com/clojure-emacs/cider) : Clojure(Script) Interactive Development Environment that Rocks.
- [cider-eval-sexp-fu](https://github.com/clojure-emacs/cider-eval-sexp-fu) : Highlight Clojure(Script) sexps during evaluation.
- [squiggly-clojure](https://github.com/clojure-emacs/squiggly-clojure) : Flycheck for Clojure. Supports eastwood, core.typed and kibit.
- [clj-refactor](https://github.com/clojure-emacs/clj-refactor.el) : Refactoring functions for Clojure.
- [clojure-cheatsheet](https://github.com/clojure-emacs/clojure-cheatsheet) : The Clojure Cheatsheet in Emacs.

## Haskell packages

- [haskell-mode](https://github.com/haskell/haskell-mode) : Mode for Haskell programming.
- [intero](https://github.com/commercialhaskell/intero) : Interactive development environment for Haskell.

## Elixir packages

- [elixir-mode](https://github.com/elixir-lang/emacs-elixir) : Mode for Elixir programming.
- [alchemist](https://github.com/tonini/alchemist.el) : Interactive development environment for Elixir.

## Smartparens packages

- [smartparens](https://github.com/Fuco1/smartparens) : Mode to handle pairs of symbols.

## Docker packages

- [dockerfile-mode](https://github.com/spotify/dockerfile-mode) : Mode to edit Dockerfiles.
- [docker.el](https://github.com/Silex/docker.el): Commands to manage Docker from Emacs.
- [docker-tramp.el](https://github.com/emacs-pe/docker-tramp.el): A TRAMP method to connect to Docker containers.

## Prometheus packages

- [prometheus-rules-mode](https://github.com/magoyette/prometheus-rules-mode) : Support for [Prometheus](https://prometheus.io) rules in Emacs.

## Swagger packages

### swaggermacs

- [swaggermacs](https://github.com/magoyette/swaggermacs) : Support for Swagger2 YAML files in Emacs.

## Help packages

- [helm-descbinds](https://github.com/emacs-helm/helm-descbinds) : Helm interface for describe bindings command.
- [which-key](https://github.com/justbur/emacs-which-key) : Display available keybindings.

## Theme packages

- [page-break-lines](https://github.com/purcell/page-break-lines) : Display page break as lines.
- [rainbow-delimiters](https://github.com/Fanael/rainbow-delimiters) : Highlight delimiters according to their depth.
- [spaceline](https://github.com/TheBB/spaceline) : The Powerline theme from Spacemacs.
- [zenburn-theme](https://github.com/bbatsov/zenburn-emacs) : The Zenburn theme for Emacs.
